fix: delete file API fails when passing internal project id (#9604)
wandb/wandb: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

    - Bug introduced in 0.19.0
- Fixed an error being thrown when logging `jpg`/`jpeg` images containing transparency data (@jacobromero in https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/9527)
- `wandb.init(resume_from=...)` now works without explicitly specifying the run's `id` (@kptkin in https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/9572)

> - Fixed an error that would occur when trying to delete files with the Public API. (@jacobromero in https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/9604)

Reviewer: The error happened every time and deleting files was completely broken, right?

```suggestion
- Deleting files with the Public API works again (@jacobromero in https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/9604)
    - Bug introduced in 0.19.1
```
